Admin approval and payment unlock: The right booking is approved, the customer is notified, and payment is unlocked without skipping verification.
Booking queue: Each request is approved, declined, opened, or assigned one next action.
Booking lifecycle: The operator knows the screen, tab, and gate for each status change.
Fleet and availability: Vehicles shown to customers are truly available, priced, visible, clean, and not blocked.
Pickup, return, and check-ins: The day has a clean queue: blocked pickups, handoffs, due-back, overdue, active out, and returned settlement.
Payments, deposits, and refunds: Every money action is tied to the right booking, amount, reason, and audit trail.
Insurance review: Coverage is approved, rejected, or escalated before the vehicle leaves.
Customers, portal, and long-term: Support, renewal, billing, and long-term actions stay tied to the right customer.
Messaging and notifications: One customer receives one clear action, tied to one booking or account reason.
Revenue and reporting: The operator can identify performance signals and decide the next business action.
Settings and system health: The operator knows whether the issue is workflow, provider, notification, or configuration.